BufStrat
========

This repository is an exercise in modifying the buffer replacement
strategy of PostgreSQL 9.2.2.

The master branch contains the original code, which uses the clock
replacement algorithm as its default strategy and switches to a
buffer ring replacement strategy for some queries for which it's more
effective than clock.

The clock branch differs from master in that it only uses the clock
strategy; the buffer ring replacement strategy is disabled for all
queries in the clock branch.

The mru and lru branches use the MRU and LRU replacement strategies
respectively.

Below is the original PostgreSQL 9.2.2 README:

PostgreSQL Database Management System
=====================================

This directory contains the source code distribution of the PostgreSQL
database management system.

PostgreSQL is an advanced object-relational database management system
that supports an extended subset of the SQL standard, including
transactions, foreign keys, subqueries, triggers, user-defined types
and functions.  This distribution also contains C language bindings.

PostgreSQL has many language interfaces, many of which are listed here:

	http://www.postgresql.org/download

See the file INSTALL for instructions on how to build and install
PostgreSQL.  That file also lists supported operating systems and
hardware platforms and contains information regarding any other
software packages that are required to build or run the PostgreSQL
system.  Changes between all PostgreSQL releases are recorded in the
file HISTORY.  Copyright and license information can be found in the
file COPYRIGHT.  A comprehensive documentation set is included in this
distribution; it can be read as described in the installation
instructions.

The latest version of this software may be obtained at
http://www.postgresql.org/download/.  For more information look at our
web site located at http://www.postgresql.org/.
